1.  Lean and agile development displaced the ____ model of development?

a. unicorn
b. silo
c. all-at-once
d. waterfall

2.  We develop incrementally because it....?

a. increases programmer satisfaction
b. produces less buggy software
c. delivers value to the customers faster
d. all of the above

3.  Version control is an important part of incremental development because...?

a. it allows us to roll back changes easily
b. it permits auditors to see how much work has been done
c. "if you don't know your past you won't know your future."
d. all of the above

4.  We want to automate our builds because...?

a. it reduces errors
b. it documents the build process
c. it allows engineers to do more interesting work
d. all of the above

5.  An advantage of documenting a process by automating it versus writing a document about how it is done is that...?

a. scripts are easier to read than prose
b. it gives programmers an edge over tech writers in producing the documentation
c. the script can't be out of date with the process, while a text description can be
d. all of the above

6.  We want to regard our infrastructure as software because...?

a. that is what Bill Gates would do
b. that allows us to automate that provisioning of infrastructure
c. software is cool, while hardware is not
d. all of the above

7.  Containers can best be conceived as...?

a. a new sort of thread
b. a different way to test software
c. lightweight virtual machines
d. all of the above

8.  The division of labor is cited by Adam Smith as...?

a. increasing productivity
b. decreasing productivity
c. make workers smarter
d. making jobs more enjoyable

9.  One of the reasons the Waterfall Model often fails is...?

a. not enough advanced planning
b. the stages are not separated clearly enough in the model
c. we often only realize what software we need to build in the process of building it
d. none of the above

10.  The DevOps idea of incremental development can be seen as an extension of...?

a. monolithic mainframe applications
b. the UNIX style of development
c. an all-at-once development style
d. all of the above

11.  When we set out to develop software, we...?

a. usually know all we need to know at the start
b. can easily plan everything in advance
c. should lock down all requirements right away
d. rarely know all we need to know at the start

12.  In software engineering, "MVP" stands for...?

a. minimum viable product
b. maximum value produced
c. major vehicle production
d. none of the above

13.  In the Lean paradigm of development, decisions about the product should be made...?

a. right at the start
b. as soon as possible
c. as late as possible
d. none of the above

14.  The term "DevOps" was created by combining the terms...?

a. development and operations
b. deviance and opacity
c. devilish and operatic
d. none of the above

15.  DevOps can be understood as the need for _____ to keep up with ______ development practices.

a. Lean and Agile, operations
b. development, Lean and Agile
c. development, operations
d. operations, Lean and Agile

16.  The advantages of incremental development include...?

a. value is delivered to customers more rapidly
b. testing becomes easier
c. programmer job satisfaction increases
d. all of the above

17.  Automated testing is an important part of DevOps because...?

a. It enables rapid deployment of new software
b. "Automated" has a nice sound to it
c. It saves money in hiring testers.
d. none of the above

18.  Testing should be done on...?

a. only the most crucial code in the application
b. all of the application code
c. all of the application code AND all of the infrastructure code
d. none of the above

19.  In DevOps, "silos" refers to the fact that...?

a. departments in organizations often seemed sealed off from each other
b. good software should be divided into "silos"
c. granaries are major users of software
d. all of the above

20.  We want to script our environment so that...?

a. environments are always in a known state
b. we lessen the chance that knowledge is locked in team members' heads
c. deployments are more predictable and repeatable
d. all of the above

21.  "Chaos Monkey" is...?

a. a tool Netflix developed to intentionally crash their servers
b. a description of who is in charge of most software projects
c. the state of infrastructure before DevOps
d. none of the above

22.  The right artifacts of a project to put under version control are...?

a. project source code
b. scripts to build the project infrastructure
c. project documentation
d. all of the above

23.  If we version control everything about our project, we...?

a. create a big mess no one could understand
b. waste a lot of time
c. establish a single source of truth for the system
d. clog our version control system with trivial stuff

24.  Who should have "ownership" (be able to change) parts of a product in an agile team?

a. only the creator of that part
b. anyone on the team
c. only the project supervisor
d. only the system administrator

25.  A poly-skilled engineer

a. graduated from NYU Poly
b. knows several languages
c. knows all parts of the technology their team uses
d. all of the above
