1. (1 point)
What is our main tool for communication in our course?

a. git
b. Docker
c. Kubernetes
*d. Slack

2. (1 point)
Testing should be done on...?

a. only the most crucial code in the application
b. all of the application code
*c. all of the application code AND all of the infrastructure code
d. none of the above

3. (1 point)
In DevOps, "silos" refers to the fact that...?

*a. departments in organizations often seemed sealed off from each other
b. good software should be divided into "silos"
c. granaries are major users of software
d. all of the above

4. (1 point)
We want to script our environment so that...?

a. environments are always in a known state
b. we lessen the chance that knowledge is locked in team members' heads
c. deployments are more predictable and repeatable
*d. all of the above

5. (1 point)
"Chaos Monkey" is...?

*a. a tool Netflix developed to intentionally crash their servers
b. a description of who is in charge of most software projects
c. the state of infrastructure before DevOps
d. none of the above

6. (1 point)
The right artifacts of a project to put under version control are...?

a. project source code
b. scripts to build the project infrastructure
c. project documentation
*d. all of the above

7. (1 point)
If we version control everything about our project, we...?

a. create a big mess no one could understand
b. waste a lot of time
*c. establish a single source of truth for the system
d. clog our version control system with trivial stuff

8. (1 point)
Who should have "ownership" (be able to change) parts of a product in an agile team?

a. only the creator of that part
*b. anyone on the team
c. only the project supervisor
d. only the system administrator

9. (1 point)
A poly-skilled engineer

a. graduated from NYU Poly
b. knows several languages
*c. knows all parts of the technology their team uses
d. all of the above

10. (1 point)
An advantage Slack has over email threads is

a. people can join and leave threads as they need to
b. people won't forget to include someone who needs to see a message
c. it is easy to bring in a new person and have them pick up on the whole conversation
*d. all of the above

11. (1 point)
Having a cross-functional team means...?

a. every team member is responsible for the delivery process
b. having no project manager on the team
*c. answers A and B
d. any person on the team can modify any part of the software system

12. (1 point)
To increase collaboration between development and operations teams, one should...?

a. ensure collective ownership
b. establish cross-functional teams
c. broad the skill set of engineers
*d. all of the above

13. (1 point)
The DevOps dashboard...?

a. shows how each change affects the entire system in every stage in the progression to deploying to production
b. is another name for the kanban board
c. provides real-time information on the software system
*d. both A and C

14. (1 point)
Company's development and operations teams' aims are in inherent conflict because...?

a. operations is measured by the system's stability
b. development is measured by the number of features it makes available
*c. both A and B
d. neither A nor B

15. (1 point)
Each member of a cross-functional team needs to...?

a. write tests
b. write scripts
c. version
*d. all of the above

16. (1 point)
The most essential element of employing DevOps is...?

*a. making cultural change in an organization
b. finding the right tools
c. having as many operations people as developers
d. building silos between the teams

17. (1 point)
Organizational functions which should be centralized are...?

a. those that develop the platform services used by the rest of the software-delivery team
b. those that perform system monitoring
*c. both A and B
d. no organizational functions should be centralized

18. (1 point)
A member of the cross-functional team should...?

a. be delivering all the software on his own
b. not be involved in the delivery process
c. always rely on the members of other teams as a part of the delivery process
*d. never need another team member outside his team to perform an activity as part of the delivery process

19. (1 point)
To have a solid understanding of computer systems one needs...?

a. practical understanding of programming
b. theoretical understanding of programming
*c. both A and B
d. NOT to understand programming

20. (1 point)
The study of software includes...?

a. software engineering on a small group scale
b. the use of programming languages
c. individual and group projects
*d. all of the above

21. (1 point)
To learn writing correct software one needs to start by...?

*a. writing code
b. learning theoretical basis of software engineering
c. learning abstract algebra
d. learning the design of compilers

