1. (1 point)
We develop incrementally because it....?

a. increases programmer satisfaction
b. produces less buggy software
c. delivers value to the customers faster
*d. all of the above

2. (1 point)
Version control is an important part of incremental development because...?

*a. it allows us to roll back changes easily
b. it permits auditors to see how much work has been done
c. "if you don't know your past you won't know your future."
d. all of the above

3. (1 point)
git and GitHub are...?

a. just different names for the same software
*b. very different: git is the basic version control software, while GitHub is a place to store git repos
c. entirely unrelated
d. none of the above

4. (1 point)
Commit messages in git are...?

*a. important to communicate to team members what you are up to
b. unimportant and should be ignored
c. can be the same for every commit
d. generated automatically

5. (1 point)
We use "git clone" to...?

a. add a clone of a file to a repo
b. turn one repo into two repos
*c. make a local copy of a repo
d. all of the above

6. (1 point)
If we see text like "<<<<< HEAD:file.txt" inserted into a file, that is...?

a. the header for the file
b. a UNIX command accidentally inserted in the file
*c. git showing us where a conflict is in file.txt
d. none of the above

7. (1 point)
If you type 'git pull origin master' then master is...?

*a. the branch you are pulling
b. the level of difficulty of the pull
c. the repo you are pulling from
d. how much git should try to force the pull

8. (1 point)
Incremental and iterative development were a response to failures in...?

a. functional programming
*b. the waterfall model
c. test-driven development
d. resume-driven development

9. (1 point)
The problem with describing a server setup in a detailed document is...?

a. an engineer has to manually do the setup
b. the document will get out of date
c. the document is likely to miss some "obvious" step
*d. all of the above

10. (1 point)
Automated deployment should be coupled with...?

*a. automated tests
b. manual steps to make sure the sys admin is on their toes
c. manual configuration
d. none of the above

11. (1 point)
Iterative and incremental development means...?

a. developing a system through repeated cycles
b. developing a system in smaller portions at a time
*c. both A and B
d. none of the above

12. (1 point)
Iterative and incremental development consists of the following steps...?

a. initialization
b. iteration
c. Project Control List
*d. all of the above

13. (1 point)
Incremental development slices the system functionality into increments, namely...?

a. inception and elaboration
b. construction and transition
*c. both A and B
d. none of the above

