1. (1 point)
We want to regard our infrastructure as software because...?

a. that is what Bill Gates would do
*b. that allows us to automate that provisioning of infrastructure
c. software is cool, while hardware is not
d. all of the above

2. (1 point)
Containers can best be conceived as...?

a. a new sort of thread
b. a different way to test software
*c. lightweight virtual machines
d. all of the above

3. (1 point)
Infrastructure as code can reduce costs, since...?

a. code is lighter in weight than hardware
b. executing in software is faster than doing so in hardware
*c. it relieves operations people of the time they would spend setting up infrastructure by hand
d. all of the above

4. (1 point)
Infrastructure as code speeds up deployment because...?

a. there is no testing involved
*b. running a script is faster than clicking through a GUI interface
c. it eliminates the need for version control
d. none of the above

5. (1 point)
Infrastructure as code is less error-prone than manual deployment because...?

a. it can be debugged once and that's that
b. manual deployment is boring, and humans will make errors
c. we can look over the code and reason about it
*d. all of the above

6. (1 point)
A core DevOps principle is that automation is good because...?

*a. it gives machines the boring, repetitive work, and humans the interesting stuff
b. it helps eliminate lots of jobs
c. otherwise, lower-wage countries will have an advantage
d. all of the above

7. (1 point)
Which of the following are popular infrastructure-as-code tools?

*a. Puppet, Chef, and Ansible
b. Git, Jenkins, and Travis
c. AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure
d. Python, C++, and Java

8. (1 point)
Among the reasons infrastructure as code (IAC) is desirable is/are...?

a. IAC can be put under version control
b. IAC can be be automatically deployed
c. IAC can be put through automated testing
*d. all of the above

9. (1 point)
A disadvantage of Chef is...?

a. it can't be used for large-scale deployment
b. it is not designed for programmers
*c. using it requires knowledge of Ruby
d. it can't be put under version control

10. (1 point)
A disadvantage of Puppet is that users must...?

a. only run on Linux
*b. learn the Puppet DSL
c. commit to running Windows
d. deal with a terrible GUI

11. (1 point)
One reason we use Docker in our projects is...?

a. it cuts down on memory usage
b. it makes our unit testing simpler
c. it provides automatic documentation for the source code
*d. it allows us to specify a local server that will be just like production

12. (1 point)
When a Dockerfile says 'FROM Alpine-2.3' that means...?

a. this will be a mountainous docker image
*b. the image being built will be based on the 'Alpine-2.3' image
c. we will be running the 'Alpine-2.3' image
d. none of the above

13. (1 point)
A line in a Dockerfile that says 'RUN pip install -r requirements.txt' means...?

a. once the container is launched, it will run that command
b. if pip install is True, the container should RUN, or exit
*c. that command should be run to build the container
d. nothing: that is an invalid command

14. (1 point)
The command 'docker ps' will list...?

a. all containers named 'ps'
b. all containers
c. all images currently installed on the system
*d. all images currently running on the system

15. (1 point)
If we run the 'ps' command to list running processes both inside and outside a container, we will likely see more processes...?

a. inside the container
*b. outside the container
c. no telling
d. you can't run it inside a container

16. (1 point)
Infrastructure as code is important in the cloud (compared to old machine rooms) because...?

a. we are likely to have more servers
b. the servers life-span is shorter
c. we often need to scale deployment up and down in a matter of minutes
*d. all of the above

17. (1 point)
"cgroups" stands for...?

a. Groups for running C code
*b. Control groups
c. Chaos monkey groups
d. Continuous integration groups

18. (1 point)
The Linux feature that allows different processes to see different sets of resources is called...?

*a. namespaces
b. libnetwork
c. libcontainer
d. union file system

19. (1 point)
A union file system...?

a. unites the best features of NFS and HFS
b. keeps all files unied on one disk
*c. allows multiple mounts at a single mount point resulting in a union of all of their contents
d. none of the above.

